Fixed #35784 -- Extended HttpResponseRedirectBase to preserve the original HTTP method with status codes 307 and 308. (#18616)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

  processing instruction will be added to the top of the document for each
  stylesheet in the given list. See :ref:`feed-stylesheets` for more details.

:mod:`django.shortcuts`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :func:`~django.shortcuts.redirect` now supports preserving the HTTP method
   during redirection.

> 

Reviewer: This should be in the `Requests and Responses` section
Something like:
```diff
--- a/docs/releases/5.2.txt
+++ b/docs/releases/5.2.txt
@@ -239,6 +239,18 @@ Requests and Responses
 * The new :meth:`.HttpRequest.get_preferred_type` method can be used to query
   the preferred media type the client accepts.
 
+* The new ``preserve_method`` argument for
+  :class:`~django.http.HttpResponseRedirect` determines whether the HTTP status
+  code 307 or 302 is used.
+
+* The new ``preserve_method`` argument for
+  :class:`~django.http.HttpResponsePermanentRedirect` determines whether the
+  HTTP status code 308 or 301 is used.
+
+* The new ``preserve_method`` argument for :func:`~django.shortcuts.redirect`
+  supports preserving the HTTP method and body during redirection, which impacts
+  the status code.
+
 Security
 ~~~~~~~~
```

  processing instruction will be added to the top of the document for each
  stylesheet in the given list. See :ref:`feed-stylesheets` for more details.

:mod:`django.shortcuts`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * :func:`~django.shortcuts.redirect` now supports the boolean argument
>   ``preserve_method`` which signals the user agent to preserve the HTTP method
>   when doing the redirection.

Reviewer 2: We can summarize this like this:

```suggestion
* :func:`~django.shortcuts.redirect` now supports preserving the HTTP method
   during redirection.
```

And then we add further details to the `redirect` docs. We should also move this entry to `Requests and Responses`.

* The new :meth:`.HttpRequest.get_preferred_type` method can be used to query
  the preferred media type the client accepts.

> * The new ``preserve_request_method`` argument for
>   :class:`~django.http.HttpResponseRedirect` determines whether the HTTP status
>   code 307 or 302 is used.
> 
> * The new ``preserve_request_method`` argument for
>   :class:`~django.http.HttpResponsePermanentRedirect` determines whether the
>   HTTP status code 308 or 301 is used.

Reviewer 2: I'm tempted to unify these two in a single bullet point. How about:
```suggestion
* The new ``preserve_request_method`` argument for
  :class:`~django.http.HttpResponseRedirect` and
  :class:`~django.http.HttpResponsePermanentRedirect`
  determines whether the HTTP status codes 307/302 or 308/301 are used,
  respectively.
```

> * The new ``preserve_request_method`` argument for
>   :func:`~django.shortcuts.redirect` supports preserving the HTTP method and
>   body during redirection, which impacts the status code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The new ``preserve_request_method`` argument for
  :func:`~django.shortcuts.redirect` allows instructing the user agent to
  preserve the HTTP method and body during redirection using specialized status
  codes.
```
